Here is the description of what python file generates which table/figure.

# Some Basic Files

### ./data-generators/generate_data.py

Generates or loads the experiment data with certain parameters (like random seeds on various stages).
First it looks for temporary file with necessary data (unless specifically requested to regenerate).
If not found - it regenerates the data (looking for prerequisites in temporary files). 

### ./experiments/settings.py

Default settings for experiments. Would be used for everything, unless overloaded explicitly.
Also contains parameter sets - lists of parameters important for some tasks.

### ./data folder

Contains a lot of temporary files. Name of the files implies parameters with which it was generated.
So, retrying same experiment with different parameters will not cause problems for older temporary files -
there will be temporary files for different parameters and hence with different name.

For example: consider the filename **mnist_pca_30_True_0.p**.

The part *mnist_pca* is a prefix that identifies the type of file.
You can find it out by searching in **generate_data.py**.

 

Important parameters you can find in **generate_data.py**. It references *pca_parameter_set* from **settings.py**
> raw_parameter_set = {"selection_random_seed", "num_images_raw", "old"}
>
> pca_parameter_set = raw_parameter_set | {"num_pca_dimensions", "pca_random_seed"} 

Parameters are listed in alphabetical order:
- *num_images_raw* is first, but it is not used (see **settings.py**). It matters only if old=False - we need to take
certain number of random MNIST images to get a certain number of distinct ones between them (we just tuned that number
for each random seed). Anyway, it does not affect the filename.
- *num_pca_dimensions* is 30. So, file contains MNIST data, shrinked by PCA from 784 dimensions to 30.
Hence the first parameter 30: mnist_pca_**30**_True_0.p
- *old* means that we use previously saved 2500 distinct samples from MNIST (taken from Tensorflow-Keras),
rather than go to Tensorflow-Keras again. Who knows, what can change between the versions of TF-Keras
(like, different order of images or other slight changes).
Saving whole raw dataset gives us way more stability. Hence the True part:  mnist_pca_30_**True**_0.p.
-  *selection_random_seed* is not used. It is used for selecting random samples from MNIST dataset. However, we
instructed to load pre-saved 2500 samples (old=True), so this parameter makes no difference.
- *pca_random_seed* represents random seed used for PCA approximation. Numpy by default approximates PCA, and not
knowing that caused unreproducibility of our previous experiment (random seed was not set, could not rerun when needed).
In practice we now use 'full' here to avoid unnecessary randomness. As for this filename, this is where last 0 comes
from: mnist_pca_30_True_**0**.p

**To summarize: check generate_data.py (or experiment files) and settings.py to find out the parameters used in that
filename, then read them in alphabetical order.**

We do our best that each file contains all the necessary parameters, even if the filename becomes bulky.

# Experiments

Folder structure:  
- *experiments/* contains the scripts for experiments. The name prefix
*exp_cluster* is for cluster attribution test file, and
*exp_outlier* is for outlier placement test file (there are a few scripts
that do not belong to either).
- *results/* contains the results themselves. Naming convention is the same as
described above - all relevant parameters are contained in the filename. That
ensures both efficient reuse of intermediate results and the ability to
hold different results (for different experiment settings) in the same folder.

Experiment are designed to be reproducible. Should you run the same files,
you should get the same results as we did.

TODO describe the experiments

For some methods we split getting the results themselves (emebdding into existing
tSNE) and post-processing them (finding accuracy, KL divergence and distance
percentiles). For neural networks, repeated gradient descent and kernelized tSNE,
run corresponding post-processing script after running the main one.

# Figures

Usually the names of the figure generator correspond to the names of the figures.
However, generating the figure is decoupled from generating the data for the figure. 

## Figure 1
File: ./figures/mist_tsne_original.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/generate_fig_mnist_tsne_original.py

Data comes directly from generate_data.py (MNIST after LION-tSNE)

## Figure 2
File: ./figures/outlier_placement_example.png  
Figure generate by: ./figure-generators/generate_fig_outlier_placement_example.py

## Figure 3
File: ./figures/IDW-power-influence.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/gen-IDW-power-influence.py

## Figure 4 
File: ./figures/LION-power-training-set.png 
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/generate_fig_LION_power_training_set.py  
Experiment files: ./experiments/exp_idw_power_performance.py, ./experiments/exp_lion_power_performance.py  

## Figure 5a
File: ./figures/nearest_neighbors_hor.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/gen_nearest_neighbors_hor.png

## Figure 5b
File: ./figures/examples-positioned.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/gen-examples-positioned.py

## Figure 6a
File: ./figures/LION-and-IDW-power-vs-accuracy.png  
Figure generated by: ./figures-generators/LION-and-IDW-power-vs-accuracy.py

## Figure 6b
File: ./figures/LION-and-IDW-power-vs-accuracy-zoomed.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/LION-and-IDW-power-vs-accuracy-zoomed.py

## Figure 7
File: ./figures/neighbor-test-all.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/gen-neighbor-test-all.py

## Figure 8
File: ./figures/cluster-average-all.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/gen-cluster-average-all.py

## Figure 9
File: ./figures/outlier_examples.png  
Figure generated by: ./figure-generators/outlier_examples.py


# Tables

## Table I
File: ./table-generators/tab-power-parameter-selection.py  
Table file: ./tables/tab-power-parameter-selection.txt  
Also prints the table on screen (in LaTeX format)

## Table II
File: ./table-generators/tab-cluster-attribution-test.py  
Table file: ./tables/tab-cluster-attribution-test.txt

## Table III
TODO